The Battle of the Neighborhoods in Toronto Canada – as-sessing the business value

Introduction
The cosmopolitan Canadian city of Toronto now has more than three million and the most ethnically diverse culture in the world. But three hundred years ago, it was little more than a portage where the Humber River flows into Lake Ontario. It was known only to local natives and a few French vo-yageurs.
The city has consistently seen people from around the world move to the city and call it home. It has been a center for trade and economic growth. Toronto is known worldwide as a cultural melting pot. So, these various cultures combined to create great diversity for themselves. Since People from all over the world tend to come up here, we can see many of their cultural aspects Transport, Food, Clothing, ethnicity, etc.
This machine learning application, based on the FourSquare geolocation data, aims to help people migrating to exploring the Toronto neighborhoods and find the one that suits them the most. It will help people making smart and efficient decisions on selecting neighborhoods to live in out of a large and diverse set of neighborhoods in Toronto based on lifestyle (café, museums, clubs), on their social/family needs (friends, schools, colleges, etc.), daily shopping needs and habits (grocer-ies, supermarkets, malls, etc.), as well as critical services (hospitals, utilities, etc.). In general, this application is developed on the philosophy that what people experience in the real world and the places they go are powerful reflections of who they are and what they care about.  
In this particular scenario, the application analyzes the various features, i.e., housing prices, school-ing ratings, weather conditions, crime rate, recreational activities, quality of emergency services, etc.,  of the Toronto neighborhoods and performs a comparative analysis between neighborhoods. 
Therefore, migrants to these neighborhoods can make informed decisions before moving into a new city, state, country, or place for their work or start a new fresh life.

The problem at hand
In this scenario, the application suggests the "best" (relative to the diverse features mentioned above) neighborhood to the person migrating or moving in there. It provides the person with rele-vant info in the form of sorted lists of housing prices, a list of schools in terms of location, fees, rat-ing, and reviews, etc. 

Work Flow
The application uses the Four-square API as its prime data gathering source, possibly the best complete geolocation platform that employs a database with millions of places and APIs, allowing us to perform location search, location sharing, and details about a business.
The application uses HTTP request limitations to the Four-square database, where we set a limit in the number of places per neighborhood parameter to 100 and the radius parameter to 500. The main workflow activities are:
A. Select the Data of
1. Neighborhoods
2. Neighborhoods' Latitude
3. Neighborhoods' Longitude
4. Venues
5. Name of the venue, e.g., the name of a store or restaurant
6. Venues' Latitude
7. Venues' Longitude
8. Venue's Category

Methodology
To explore and compare neighborhoods, segment them, we used an unsupervised machine learn-ing algorithm, namely the k-means clustering algorithm.

Libraries Used 
Pandas: Used for creating and manipulating data frames.
Folium: used to visualize the neighborhood's cluster distribution using an interactive leaflet map.
Scikit Learn: used for importing the k-means clustering algorithm.
JSON Library: used to handle JSON files.
XML: used to separate data from presentation, and XML stores data in plain text format.
Geocoder: used to retrieve Location Data.
Beautiful Soup and Requests: used to scrap and library to handle http requests.
Matplotlib: Python Plotting Module

Results 

Scarborough is a popular destination for new immigrants in Canada to reside. As a result, it is one of the most diverse and multicultural areas in the Greater Toronto Area.
